

Null Hypothesis(귀무가설):
	A null hypothesis is a hypothesis that says there is no statistical significance between the two variables in the hypothesis. 
	It is the hypothesis that the researcher is trying to disprove. 
	In the example, Susie's null hypothesis would be something like this: 
	There is no statistically significant relationship between the type of water I feed the flowers and growth of the flowers. 
	A researcher is challenged by the null hypothesis and usually wants to disprove it, to demonstrate that there is a statistically-significant relationship between 
	the two variables in the hypothesis.

Alternative Hypothesis(대립가설):
	An alternative hypothesis simply is the inverse, or opposite, of the null hypothesis. So, if we continue with the above example, 
	the alternative hypothesis would be that there IS indeed a statistically-significant relationship between what type of water the flower plant is fed and growth.

test statistic(검정 통계량):
    A hypothesis test is typically specified in terms of a test statistic, 
    considered as a numerical summary of a data-set that reduces the data to one value that can be used to perform the hypothesis test.
    검정 통계량은 표본 데이터에서 계산되어 가설 검정에 사용되는 랜덤 변수
    ex: Z-검정에서 검정통계량은 Z-통계량(Z값이라고 하기도함)
	
Random Variable(확률 변수):
	Random variable is a measurable function X:Omega -> E from a set of possible outcomes Omega to a measurable space E
  
P_value(p값):
	p-value is the largest probability of obtaining test results at least as extreme as the results actually observed, 
	under the assumption that the null hypothesisis correct.
	즉 귀무가설이 참이라는 전제하에, 해당 test results가 발생할 확률
	ex) 생수1개, 아메리카노 3개가 있다고가정하고, 실험 참가자가 맛을보고 생수1개를 판별해낼 확률이 단순추측해서 맞출 확률보다 높을까?
	H0귀무가설: 생수를 판별해낼 확률 -> 1/4
	Ha대립가설: 생수를 판별해낼 확률 -> 1/4 보다 크다
	실제 1000명의 참가자로부터 실험 진행 결과 60%의 참가자가 생수를 구분해냈다면?
	-> P값: 생수를 판별해낼 확률이 1/4일때 1000명중 600명이 생수를 구분해낼 확률 

statistically significant at level alpha: 
	a result has statistical significance when it is very unlikely to have occurred given the null hypothesis
	p값이 알파 이하로 작을경우, 알파 수준에서 통계적으로 유의하다고 한다.(알파: 유의수준)
	
Central limit theorem(중심 극한 정리):
     in some situations, when independent random variables are added, their properly normalized sum tends toward a normal distribution 
     (informally a bell curve) even if the original variables themselves are not normally distributed.
     즉, 모분포가 정규분포하지 않을 때에도 모집단으로부터 크기가 n인 무작위 표본을 추출했을때, 표본평균은 대략적으로 정규분포한다
     
Binomial distribution(이항 분포):
    the binomial distribution with parameters n and p is the discrete probability distribution of number of successess in a sequence of n independent experiments,
    each asking a yes-no question.
    관찰값의 수를 n, 관찰값에서의 성공확률을 p라 하면, 이항 상황에서 성공횟수 X는 모수 n 및 p를 갖는 이항분포한다
    
test of significance(유의성 검정):
    
    
z-test(z 검정)
